Location: Inside the Indulge system
  The conflict between the Traverser Association and the Church of Ludd has finally reached its peak, following the confirmation by intelligence services that the Knights of Ludd will soon launch its Judgement Day raid.

Just yesterday we received news that the outer defensive fleet of the galaxy had been attacked by the Luddic raiding fleet, and although this has not been officially confirmed, the data coming back indicates that the invasion was unprecedented in size - and it is clear that the brave outer defensive fleet of the galaxy is in a very bad way.

In order to have a chance of survival in the coming battle, the Design Bureau has urgently authorised the use of the cumulonimbus-class aviation fortress - even though she is still to be tested before she can be officially launched into service.

The occasional flickering of track lights in the starry sky outside your window, the cacophony of reports in your ears on the bridge - a constant reminder of the impending battle.

You feel a vague ache in your temples and gaze out of the porthole as the stars coalesce and rise before you, merging into a final bright spot. The bright spot then glows with a stellar light that you feel blindingly bright.

 "Word has come from HQ that the unmanned fleet along with three other fleets have now managed to intercept part of the enemy's main force, we have hope!"

- the starlight is extinguished by the adjutant, and you realise that the bright spot is actually the tail flame of the escort ship's manoeuvring engines not far away.

Your adjutant's tone is very excited, as not many people were initially hopeful that the trans-air defensive wall plan would succeed. You glance at the screen for a follow-up message from HQ. The Unmanned Fleet and the other three fleets have managed to cut through some of the main fleet of the Knights of Ludd, although the size of the main fleet of that has managed to break into the system is somewhat larger than expected. You are well aware that if you do not succeed in routing the incoming enemy, then the outer main forces that have been surrounded will surely collapse and the Society will have no more soldiers available ......
There was no longer any choice.

A loud alarm suddenly sounded, interrupting the chatter on the bridge as a large, abnormally high energy reading from an unknown source burst onto the radar.

"Enemy has entered and is approaching rapidly!"

"All fleets, engines adjusted to combat power, shipboard aircraft wings cleared to strike, missile drogue systems ready, live ammunition and energy weapons preheating!"
